hey I'm Thomas singleton one of the
producers on Madden NFL 25 and I'm here
to tell you all about coach class there
are three core ways to play coach class
right the first is by personnel when
you've got their two to 0-3 rate now 0-3
right now so again based on that
personnel package there is the
suggestions based on this game and
what's going on in the community right
by simply selecting one of those
defensive sets I put it into the game
immediately and now my defense is
actually running that way
what you're seeing on screen right now
is a lot of the details that ten times
the amount of detail that we've ever had
before game looks amazing there's blades
of grass right the artificial turf you
know it's better looking than it ever
has before
no it's it's just based on place right
so it's not personal performance it's
team performance if you kind of think of
it that way again they're the
recommendations in a 1:04 here are the
suggestions on defense by simply
selecting the defensive package I put it
into the game and my defense is now in
that set so while I'm on offense right
all of that same information is there
and live from there right so the
offensive plays that I'm calling and
what I'm consistently doing and the
defense is that they're using are
constantly displayed for me as well in
the play history right so I can see what
offensive plays and formations I'm using
that are actually giving me success
right I'm gonna call a halfback draw
here right here are the recommendations
for their defense to stop me in this one
one three right I can't select that
because I'm not that team right so I can
probably guess that they're going to be
in one of these packages so it's
actually giving me the results of true
success states right so successful
defensive formations against these
existing personnel it's not based just
off of having that knowledge of football
and knowing what what in the sport of
football you should be calling it's
based off of what are people actually
calling and what's actually working
you